hi this is Vicki rainbow today I want to
open up for Glitzi globes they are doing
yourself water globes and air for ages 5
and up in each a there's a glow of
glitter cube three charms and a figurine
these are the instructions inside the
globe there is a great cube we have a
fairy she's very pretty we have three
charm a red musical note with green
butterfly and a yellow flower I'm going
to put these all together after I open
all of them
we have a pink base and it's filled with
hearts we have a dog and a cat they look
very cute we have a blue butterfly I'll
read musical note and yellow flower we
have a blue base and has stars on it
we have a beer it's a pink bear looks
very cute we have a yellow star a purple
musical note and a red heart here's the
last one we have an orange base and it's
a mushroom thing we have an O
we have a blue musical note a green
heart and a yellow star I'll be right
back after I put them all together let's
recap what I cup it got a fairy dog in a
cat appear and a winking oh I like to
give a shout out to Jenny Tran hi if you
want to open up a certain blowing bag
please let me know in the comment
section thank you for watching please
like and subscribe and by
you